Antiforgery doc updates (#26386)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/anti-request-forgery.md

:::code language="cshtml" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Views/JavaScript/Index.cshtml" highlight="1,6,9,23-26":::

The preceding example uses JavaScript to read the hidden field value for the AJAX POST header. 

> This approach eliminates the need to deal directly with setting cookies from the server or reading them from the client. However, when injecting the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgery> service is not possible, JavaScript can also access token in cookies, obtained from an additional request to the server (usually `same-origin`), and use the cookie's contents to create a header with the token's value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach eliminates the need to deal directly with setting cookies from the server or reading them from the client. However, when injecting the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgery> service isn't possible, use JavaScript to access token in cookies:

* Access tokens in an additional request to the server, typically usually `same-origin`.
* Use the cookie's contents to create a header with the token's value. 
```

Assuming the script sends the token in a request header called `X-XSRF-TOKEN`, configure the antiforgery service to look for the `X-XSRF-TOKEN` header:

:::code language="csharp" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Snippets/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddAntiforgeryOptionsJavaScript":::

The following example adds a protected endpoint that will write the request token to a JavaScript-readable cookie:

:::code language="csharp" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Snippets/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddAntiforgeryEndpoint":::

The following example uses JavaScript to make an AJAX request to obtain the token and make another request with the appropriate header:

:::code language="javascript" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Snippets/Index.js" highlight="1,15":::

### Antiforgery with Minimal APIs

`Minimal APIs` do not support the usage of the included filters (`ValidateAntiForgeryToken`, `AutoValidateAntiforgeryToken`, `IgnoreAntiforgeryToken`), however, the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgery> provides the required APIs to validate a request.

> The following example creates a filter that validate the antiforgery token:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example creates a filter that validates the antiforgery token:
```

:::code language="cshtml" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Views/JavaScript/Index.cshtml" highlight="1,6,9,23-26":::

The preceding example uses JavaScript to read the hidden field value for the AJAX POST header. 

This approach eliminates the need to deal directly with setting cookies from the server or reading them from the client. However, when injecting the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Antiforgery.IAntiforgery> service is not possible, JavaScript can also access token in cookies, obtained from an additional request to the server (usually `same-origin`), and use the cookie's contents to create a header with the token's value. 

Assuming the script sends the token in a request header called `X-XSRF-TOKEN`, configure the antiforgery service to look for the `X-XSRF-TOKEN` header:

:::code language="csharp" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Snippets/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddAntiforgeryOptionsJavaScript":::

The following example adds a protected endpoint that will write the request token to a JavaScript-readable cookie:

> :::code language="csharp" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddAntiforgeryEndpoint":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::code language="csharp" source="anti-request-forgery/samples/6.x/AntiRequestForgerySample/Snippets/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddAntiforgeryEndpoint":::
```
